---
ID: 420
post_title: 'MINUTES &#8211; JAN 2017'
author: Jon Morgan
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: 'http://www.shepherdhistory.org?p=420&preview=true&preview_id=420'
published: false
---
<p>SHEPHERD CHAMBER OF COMMERCE </p>
<p>Meeting Minutes </p>
<p>January 25, 2017 </p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p>The meeting was called to order at 7:30 am at Shepherd Bar & Restaurant by Chamber President Gina Gross  </p>
<p> </p>
<p>Present: Gina Gross, Joyce Gluch, Matt Showalter, Julee Stowers, Mary Kay Maas, Bob </p>
<p>Courter, Diane Courter, Jerry Jaloszynski, Kara Bouman, Judy Sprague, Kathy Hawkins </p>
<p> </p>
<p>Secretary’s Report: correction to the minutes, Sarah Bendele was elected not appointed to the school board. Motion to approve minutes as amended by Matt, second Kara, motion approved </p>
<p> </p>
<p>Treasurer’s Report- submitted by Joyce Gluch in absence of Lyle White, Motion to approve by Jerry, second by Matt, motion approved. </p>
<p> </p>
<p>Membership Report: 21       </p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<ul>
<li>Depot Report: Auction date is Feb. 4th  <b>  </b>from 3 till 6 at the Shepherd Maple Room, funds to go toward building and rail car maintenance. <b> </li>
<li>Village Report: Busy working on the budget<b> </li>
<li>Township: Board of review is in March<b> </li>
<li>Shepherd Schools: there are now no more snow days, the makeup day scheduled for </li>
</ul>
<p>May 26th will have to be utilized, so there will be school that day. <b> </p>
<ul>
<li>The bonds were refinanced with a lower rate and will save the school much money. Our school has an A rating for these bonds which is very hard to obtain, we should be proud of our School obtaining this distinction. 	<b> </li>
<li>The High School play “Beauty and the Beast” was rescheduled for January 27, 28, </li>
</ul>
<p>29th due to no school the week of the play. <b> </p>
<ul>
<li>Maple Syrup Festival:   Kathy Edwards is the parade marshal for this year.  They are still looking for someone to be a parade shadow for Cliff Lehner.  Jon Morgan is revamping the web site. If you have a story about your event please send it to him. <b> </li>
<li>Maple Syrup is having a special meeting tonight to discuss the by-laws and restructuring and documenting the different committee’s duties.  <b> </li>
<li>Promotion Committee: Movie in the winter possibly at the Maple Room, looking at dates in February. </li>
<li>Easter egg scramble: April 15th, Kara to ask Maple Creek Golf Course for the venue. </li>
<li>Motion to allot up to $350.00 for the Easter Egg Event by Kara, second by Julie, motion approved.  </li>
<li>Discussion on the Golf outing, looking for ways to change or update to get more participation at the event.  This is our major fundraiser.  </li>
<li>Maple Leaves - it was decided that we would like to do the maple leaf’s again this year and do some type of contest, to be determined at a later date. Matt will check on price </li>
<li>Shepherd Community Fund: Grant applications are due; we should be meeting soon to go over those requests.  Spring Dinner coming up, date to be determined. </li>
<li>Friends of the Library: They have 17 members now; they made $860.00 on their book sale. They are planning another trip this year, on August 5th to Traverse City to the Music Museum, Butterfly and Bug House, and a walking tour of the Grand Traverse Commons.  </li>
<li>County: Jerry spoke of the new Mortgage scanning project that the county will be implementing.<b> </li>
<li>New Business </li>
<li>Matt put together a budget report with revenue and expenditures outlined. This will come in handy when we are asked for donations and want to do new projects.  A Big </li>
</ul>
<p>Thank You to Matt with help from Lyle for putting this together for us.  </p>
<p> </p>
<p>Motion to adjourn at 8:31 am   by Matt, second by Kara, motion approved. </p>
<p>Respectfully submitted; Joyce Gluch,  Acting Secretary </p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>