---
ID: 1548
post_title: 'News Brief &#8211; May 25, 2017'
author: Jon Morgan
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: 'http://www.shepherdhistory.org?p=1548&preview=true&preview_id=1548'
published: false
---
<h2>News Brief</h2>
<strong>May 25, 2017</strong>

<hr />

<h3>Deadline for Shepherd Messenger 3rd Quarter Issue is June 9</h3>
Kathy Shepard, editor of the Village Messenger, will be accepting submissions of articles for the 3rd quarter issue. She writes:

If you have information of events happening in July, August, and September that you would like included, please e-mail them to Kathy Shepard (<a href="mailto:kshepard@edzone.net">kshepard@edzone.net</a>) or call her at 989-828-6486 and she will pick them up.
The deadline for all submissions or changes to ads on the ad page is
Friday, June 9, 2017. Thank you!!!
<h3>SHS Chromebooks to be collected June 9th for maintenance</h3>
On Friday, June 9th, the tech department will be collecting all Chromebooks for students in grades 9-11. Our plan is to collect all Chromebooks during 5th hour on a rotation basis. We are asking that all students bring the Chromebook, Chromebook bag, and charger.
As we prepare for the 2017-2018 school year, the technology department needs to verify that all computers are operable. We will be doing significant programming and security updates along with cleaning of the computers so that they are operating at peak performance.
If any student will not be in on the 9th of June, then we will have collection times in the HS media center during the week of Monday, June 12th through Friday, June 16th between the hours of 8:00 AM to 3:00 PM.
Failure to return the device or returning an inoperable or severely damaged device will result in the student being charged $180. This is no different than a student losing a textbook.
<h3>SHS Track News</h3>
The girls Track &amp; Field team won the TVC Central Final Meet and the 2017 Championship last night. They won the meet with 167.5 points, Alma was runner up with 133.5 points. This is the girls 6th straight TVC Central Track &amp; Field
Championship. Amber Gall won the 400m dash, 800m run, 3200m run and teamed with Rachel Mathers, Kylie Hutchinson
and Katelyn Hutchinson to win the 1600m relay. The 3200m relay team of Mathers, Katelyn Hutchinson, Lauren Travis and Haley Hegenauer also won that event. Kylie Hutchinson won the 1600m run while Holly Straus won the shot put. The girls had several runner ups on the day, as well, including; Larisa Salisbury in the pole vault, Jordyn Emelander in the
high jump, Katelyn Hutchinson in the 1600m run, Haley Hegenauer in the 3200m run and Ellie Moeggenberg with a big personal best in the 3200m run.
The Boys Track &amp; Field team finished 3rd in the TVC Central Final Meet last night. The boys had several TVC Central Champions including; Owen Howard in the 1600m run, Bryce Hegenauer in the 3200m run, Billy Clifford in the high jump and the 3200m relay team of Hegenauer, Tyler Travis, Dane Nestle and CJ Spencer. Jeff Thaller was runner up in the 100m dash.
<h3>SHS Announcements for Thursday, May 25, 2017</h3>
<ul>
 	<li>A note from our cafeteria: There will be no theme bar on Friday, May 26th.</li>
 	<li>The end of the year is quickly approaching. There will be many announcements posted daily regarding end of the year responsibilities, activities and events. Please check the daily announcements as well as individual posts.</li>
 	<li>Students: Mock Olympic signup sheets can be located on the hallway table outside of the office. Please sign up to participate.</li>
 	<li>Staff: Your Mock Olympic signup sheets can be located in the work room. Please sign up and join the fun.</li>
 	<li>Segment 2 of Driver’s Education will take place on Friday, May 26th, Tuesday, May 30th and Wednesday, May 31st. All classes will be held from 6:00-8:00 PM in the high school. The list of dates for Driver’s Education classes can be found on the counter in the office, for both Segment 1 and 2. If you are attending Segment 2, please make note of the date change from Monday the 29th to Tuesday, May 30th.</li>
 	<li>Sports physicals will take place on Tuesday, May 30th from 4:00-6:00 PM in the high school gym, at a cost of $10.00. You can pick up a physical form in middle school/high school offices.</li>
</ul>
<h3>SMS 8th Grade Awards Ceremony</h3>
The 8th Grade Awards Ceremony will be held on Monday, June 5 at 7 p.m.